---
layout: post
title:      "The beginning:"
date:       2020-02-02 14:19:44 +0000
permalink:  the_beginning
---


    I've always loved computers. My first experience with one was in first grade. It was an Apple II. I can still remember playing math games along with my first grade class. But it wasn't until 3rd grade that I really fell in love with them. I went to a small private school and they had a couple of Commodore 64s setup in a room and every morning my friends and I would play games on them before class. There were magazines that came out every month filled with programs that you could type out and create neat grapfical patterns. About the same time, I was diagnosed with a fine motor skills disorder. This meant that writing by hand arduous and sometimes painful. Because of this (and my constant pleading), they bought me my first computer. It was a Commodore 128 that I connected to a TV for a monitor. My parents also bought the Dot Matrix printer for it as well as a Modem (28.8 baud I think). The computer was a work horse. I used it through middle school. I can still here the screech of the printer, printing out my latest assignment as I went to bed. Computers back then ran on BASIC. All most everything was done on a command line. In high school I moved to a windows machine. In my mind I always wanted to learn how to program. Even briefly thought about majoring in it in college but everyone said that I was a born singer, a musician who was destined to do great things. They also told me that I would have to be a Math genius to get a CS degree and I should stick with music. 
    I was good at music it came to me easily and I progressed rapidly. Then depression came from nowhere. I destroyed my  world and to make an already long story short I switched colleges studied accounting (hey, at least it's not music), worked as an accountant and went back to school to study music again. There, I met my wife and then life happened. Now I have two wonderful boys and fainally after alomst twenty years my depression is in check. I decided to go back to school to get a Masters in Education. On the day my classes started my mother called me and said I needed to do something about my father. He was showing dangerous signs of dementia. That ended my masters degree and I spent the next two years getting my father's affairs in order. He started living with me and I stayed home to care for him. During the boring times (which is most of the time), I decided I would learn Python. I had heard about it on Youtube as a language amatuers were using to build robots. I was into working with Arduinos and found the programming part the most interesting. I signed up with Codecademy and started working. I discovered programming is everything I really love about music and accounting. The creativity, the logic (yes there's logic in music), It was wonderful. I am nearing the end of being able take care of my father and needed to think about the next chapter. My wife and I agreed that working with computers was the way to go. I began by attending a local Community College to get a "Programming" degree but the classes were all the same basic procedural level and with languages that were fading out. I liked the classes and learned more by the challenges my younger classmates gave each other than through the actual classes. I was also taking basic college courses again. Not because I needed the knowledge from them (I had in fact tested out of all the math courses and english courses) but because they just weren't going to give me too much of a head start. I realized after one semester that I was going to spend two years wasting time on a degree that would not prepare me for an actual job. That's when I began to look for a bootcamp. By now my programming skills were getting better and I needed a challenge. So, here I am in the full-time online software engineering program at Flatiron. I love it. I am challenged everyday and the harder the challenge to more motivated I am to learn and to overcome it. I love solving problems and using my logical mind as well as my imagination to solve them. Hope this goes well. I really want to do this for a living when I am finished with the program.       


