---
layout: post
title:      "Rails and the project that woudldn't end"
date:       2021-01-10 08:35:17 +0000
permalink:  rails_and_the_project_that_woudldnt_end
---


Look, I love making web apps. I think about them even when I'm not trying not to. Rails opened my eyes to what really goes into making a viable commercial web app. So when project time came about I went to sleep and as I lay there trying to drift off, I came up with the idea of making an ecommerce site. Not just any ecommerce site but a pizza company site. I was going to call it Pizza-Pi. I though day and night about the project. I made logos I sketched out models and views and relationships. it was going to have everything. A menu with images acatching home page, funny descriptions. a screen for employees to close orders that had been completed, an Inventory system that would deduct ingredients from a pantry when a line item was slected. It was going to be GLORIOUS. I started writing code confident in my rails skills. The project grew and grew and fought and fought. I made a some what ok version. Then I realized that line items should be attached to the Cart. So I added a Order layer. It was like doing the project over again. Infact I was doing the project over again only to get and error that baffled me to no end. I started over. and over still confident that when I was through it would be wonderful,Then I decided to glance at the requirements. UH OH. I needed to add a "new" nested resource. All of my Object are created by partials. There really wasn't a new controller method to be used especially none that made sense for a nested route. So I decided to create an alternate way of creating an order. A manager's on the fly way. I though this shouldn't be TOO hard but it fought me for 4 days. I even gave up twice and started new projects hoping that I could create something new and simpler faster than I could fix this one. In the end, I continued to struggle with the beast. Day, Night, Day, Night until I relaized that I was trying to force a square peg into a circular hole. I came up with the idea of a fou_user attribute for the order. This allowed me to create an order for another person without changing the current user which is waht I was previously trying to do. Devise will not let you change the current_user and keep it form controller to controller.  Finally, after 2 more days I conquered the stupid form. I had created an alternate way to create valid orders that dove tailed back to the cart controller. The nested routes that I did all that to create werent hard and the scope methods actually helped me create cleaner code. I would love another week to add bells and whistles but alsas I have already taken WAY too long to complete this.
