---
layout: post
title:      "React/Redux Project:"
date:       2021-04-26 17:08:10 +0000
permalink:  react_redux_project
---


This project started like all of my other project. Huge ideas and a nieve sense that I could learn all of the extra tidbits to make a spectaclar app. I begain by learning about React-three. Which is a way to use 3d graphic in react. I worked on this until I realized I needed to buck down on the real guts of the project. When I finished the create-react-app my mind went blank so I decided to start this project like I start most of my projects. Users. I could create users no problem but when I went to create the fetch for login I would hit the action but not the return in the action. I looked and looked at my code. Why was this action acting this way. It's basically the same as the registration action. for two days I was stumped. Others looked at my code and they were stumped. Finally, I decided to take one last look at the path from onSubmit to the action and compare line by line with the registration path. There it was; not in the action but in the onSubmit function. I had called the action but not as "this.props". those two words were keeping me from hitting the return. I the set about to figure out the how to handle get requests from the API for my comic searches. I started with comicvine.com and spent many hours trying to figure out why some queries worked and others didn't. I realied that the api is incomplete. If I looked foe FF #236 there is a good chance that it wasn't there. So I chose to switch to Marvel api. THis api is MUCH better. My only problem was learning how to send the right keys and hashes. But the requests need one more item. A timstamp the documentation doesn't specify what the time stamp should look like. Can it be a normal Date() or doe I need to convert into miliseconds. In the end my issue with the timestamp wasn't the format but an "&" that isn't shown in the example in their documentation. The data that comes from the get request is insane and pack within many layers. Figuring out how to store the data in the state so that I could display it properly took a while. So many "map is not a function" errors. In the end the project is a shadow of what I envisioned but it more than filles the requirements. 
